=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 What is PerlPowerTools.exe ?

F<perlpowertools.exe> provides all PerlPowerTools packaged as a single standalone
Windows executable (no dependencies). Perl interpreter included.

As BusyBox, if the executable is renamed / hardlinked / symlinked as one of the
tools, it will behave as that tool automatically.

=head2 How to call the tools?

    bin/cat                         # the standard way
    bin/perlpowertools cat          # with helper script
    packed/perlpowertools.exe cat   # from standalone executable
    packed/cat.exe                  # perlpowertools.exe renamed as cat.exe

=head2 How to read the doc?

    bin/perldoc cat                                     # cat documentation
    bin/perlpowertools perldoc cat                      # cat documentation
    packed/perlpowertools.exe perldoc perlpowertools    # PerlPowerTools documentation
    packed/perlpowertools.exe perldoc perldoc           # perldoc documentation

=head2 How to find the version?

    bin/perlpowertools -V           # PerlPowerTools module version
    packed/perlpowertools.exe -V    # PerlPowerTools module version

=head2 How does it work?

    bin/perlpowertools    # dispatcher/frontend (has same behaviour packed or not)
    bin/perldoc           # custom 'perldoc' (has same behaviour packed or not)
    util/packer           # bundles everything together with PAR::Packer

The build script F<util/packer> uses PAR::Packer to package the content of `bin`
and generate F<packed/perlpowertools.exe> (about 11MB). When executed, this file
unzip itself into a temporary directory (meaning fhe first run takes a few seconds).

PAR will execute the tool from `bin` with same name as the executable (without extension).
The executable MUST be called 'perlpowertools.exe' or 'one-of-the-tools.exe', otherwise
PAR won't know what to run.

=head2 Can I add my own scripts?

Yes, copy them into `bin` and run F<util/packer>.

=head2 Notes

=over

=item - The executable is detected by some antivirus software.

=item - Modulinos need a patch to work, please see F<PROGRAMMING_STYLE.md>.

=item - Feedbacks of any kind are very welcomed and encouraged.

=back

C<kaldor AT cpan.org>

=cut
